docs: add caching to cross-platform example workflow (#954)
tauri-apps/tauri-docs: docs/guides/building/cross-platform.md

        run: |
          sudo apt-get update
          sudo apt-get install -y libgtk-3-dev webkit2gtk-4.0 libappindicator3-dev librsvg2-dev patchelf
          
      - name: Rust cache
        uses: swatinem/rust-cache@v2
        with:
          workspaces: "./src-tauri -> target"

>           shared-key: ${{ runner.os }}-release

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

>       - name: Yarn cache
>         uses: actions/cache@v2
>         with:
>           path: |
>             ~/.cache/yarn
>             **/node_modules
>           key: ${{ runner.os }}-yarn-${{ hashFiles('**/yarn.lock') }}
>           restore-keys: |
>             ${{ runner.os }}-yarn-

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      - name: Sync node version and setup cache
        uses: actions/setup-node@v3
        with:
          node-version: 'lts/*'
          cache: 'yarn' # Set this to npm, yarn or pnpm.
```

We may loose caching of the node_modules folder this way, but it looks way less intimidating for new-comers, and it's easier to change in case one uses npm or pnpm. what do you think?

Author: This is a pretty battle tested and quite default way to cache yarn, following best practices.

Personally I wouldn't change it to `setup-node` because its not caching the right files and it's much less descriptive (harder to recognise as a caching step).

Though if you do think it's better feel free to commit it.
